hi guys this is a squishy review on the
Panda buns I am aware that I did this
review before but I would like to do it
once more because I was looking through
my old videos yesterday and the old one
was in very bad quality so we do this
again and I hope you enjoy it so firstly
these are the two sizes that I have with
me right now so I have to jumble one and
the mini one and there is also a medium
sized one which is roughly around this
size a little smaller than the Jumbo one
and a little bigger than the mini one so
yep
these are how to new panel buttons that
have not been squished much will look
like and these two are defective panda
buttons up to a long time it will become
kind of yellowish like that if you have
squishy before so it'll be dirty and you
might become defective like that a
little grease
so right now I'm going to talk about
this Panda button so this is the
sketchiness
of this and it's not considered very
squishy I had a squishy one before so
it's actually told me this is quite
squishy already and it has very nice
it's not really textured but it has this
nice feeling like steamed buns and they
are extremely good for this cushy
experimental put into the freezer
because they become very very squishy so
the face is like that and it's
considerably easy to get tears and rips
at the face by viscous and moderation it
won't happen to me that these panda buns
are the one of the better common species
that are a good quality and nice for
squishing and you can get them so the
big one is good for squashing or a wrist
pad if you want as a substitute for this
Pat if you don't have one and these
smaller ones are coming up for keychains
and for a little squishing so it's when
you when it's new it's kind of sticky
and when you squish it there is a sound
because it's kind of glazed when it's
new
so I definitely recommend you getting
these two panda buns because they are
extremely extremely nice and if you want
and the middle one is good for bringing
out and all that for squishing cuz nice
big as this and it's bigger than this so
yep so this is my review for the Panda
buttons so thanks for watching do
comment like and subscribe
I am I currently have nine subscribers
and I'm trying to hit 20 subscribers so
please do subscribe to my channel it
would be really really appreciated and
do comment down below what videos I do
you have for me so yeah that's all
thanks for watching and bye